# Test assets

This directory contains multiple data dumps of RFID tags, in different formats. Unless otherwise specified, they are synthetic data generated by various tools, or by myself manually. All data dumps are solely for the purpose of testing the library, and should not be used for any other purpose, including loading it into a real RFID tag or emulator. The data dumps are not guaranteed to be valid, and may break the devices it interacts with. Use at your own risk.

Some tests require a crypto key to run. Please supply the keys yourself if you need to run it. They are:

- `key_retail.bin`: A combined, binary key for decrypting Amiibo data. This key is also necessary when using Amiibo related functions via cli.

## Synthetic data

The following data is synthetic. Here are details about what tools are used (original credits apply):

- ntag215: Generated with [solosky/pixl.js](https://github.com/solosky/pixl.js)

## Data formatting and reader

The purpose of this library is to support the common RFID reader formats, so the data dumps used are in those formats. The formats are:

- [Proxmark 3](https://github.com/RfidResearchGroup/proxmark3) binary dump, the `.bin` files are in this format
- Proxmark 3 JSON dump, the `.json` files are in this format
- Flipper Zero NFC dump, the `.nfc` files are in this format

Credit for these formats goes to the original tooling and projects.

## Disclaimer

All data dumps are included with best efforts to "anonymise" them, meaning no personal or proprietary data is included. No crypto keys or other copyrighted material is included. These data dumps are not to facilitate any illegal activity. Ensure you understand your local laws and regulations regarding RFID tags and their usage. The author of this library is not responsible for any misuse of the data dumps or the library itself. Use at your own risk.

Unless stated otherwise, all data dumps are licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT), same as the rest of the project. See the license file for more details.
